[Intro Animation]
Hi I’m Niall Boyd, I’m a Graphic Designer specialising in Branding, Motion Graphics and Stylized Illustrations.
Here are a bunch of questions about me as a Designer.
[What Inspired You to Pursue Graphic Design]
I’ve always been interested in art, as a kid, such as drawing or telling stories.
But it was only in high school when I was unsure what I wanted to do.
My Mum introduced to me a SHSM which is a Specialised Highschool Major at Merivale High School where I got to learn Graphic Design, Photography and Animation.
I was close to the program coordinator and he inspired me to pursue Graphic Design.
[What influences your work as a designer?]
Music inspires my work.
I also like to research and understand new design trends and also previous design movements.
I often go back to the Bauhaus as a source of inspiration because a lot of their work is still strong to this day.
[What designers, brands or websites do you admire?]
I am inspired by designers such as Aaron Draplin, Jessica Hische, Michael Beirut, and many other designers past and the present.
I find that each of them have their various different personalities and styles with their designs but they all communicate using Graphic Design.
[What is your unique selling point as a designer?]
I feel my unique selling point as a designer is my knowledge and interest into other  previous design movements, arts and styles to incorporate into my work.
[What is your favourite colour? Pantone or hex?]
I feel my hex code is #46122c which is a burgundy type colour.
The burgundy type was  present throughout my youth as well in Harry Potter such as in Gryffindor’s coat of arms.
It's also in my branding as well as on my site.
[What is your favourite font? What font describes your personality?]
Filson Pro best describes my personality.
It’s a font that appears at first glance all professional but until you see R, T and K it shows its playful side.
[What does graphic design mean to you?]
I believe that Graphic Design has the potential to inform and educate.
It drives me because Graphic Design can use visual communication to reach audiences that have been ignored.
I find if you design simple it can be more effective.
[Outro Animation]